1. What is the main subject of the research on?: Renewable resources
2. What is Hydro electricity and what are its pros?: Hydro electricity is a renewable energy source that can meet peak electricity demands, is inexpensive in the long run, pairs well with other renewables. Pros: Renewable energy source, can meet peak electricity demands, pairs well with other renewables, inexpensive in the long run.
3. What are the cons of Hydro electricity?: The cons of Hydro electricity are expensive up front, lack of available reservoirs, environmental impacts, facilities rely on local hydrology. Cons: Expensive up front, there are a lack of available reservoirs, there are some environmental impacts, facilities rely on local hydrology.
4. What is Tidal Energy and what are its pros?: Tidal Energy is a clean, renewable, sustainable resource. Pros: Clean, renewable, sustainable resource.
5. What are the cons of Tidal Energy?: The cons of Tidal Energy are initial construction cost is very high, formation of silt behind the barrage, effect on animals and plants living near tidal stations, very few suitable sites for constructing barrages, disturbs migration of living creatures in the ocean. Cons: Initial construction cost is very high, formation of silt behind the barrage, effect on animals and plants living near tidal stations, very few suitable sites for constructing barrages, disturbs migration of living creatures in the ocean.
6. What is Geothermal Energy and what are its pros?: Geothermal Energy is a reliable source of energy, has a small land footprint, usable for small and large-scale installation. Pros: Reliable source of energy, small land footprint, usable for small and large-scale installation.
7. What are the cons of Geothermal Energy?: The cons of Geothermal Energy are location dependent, high initial costs, can lead to surface instability. Cons: Location dependent, high initial costs, can lead to surface instability.
8. What are the pros of Solar Energy?: The pros of Solar Energy are almost zero maintenance, energy independence, can improve property value, excellent return on investment. Pros: Almost zero maintenance, energy independence, can improve property value, excellent return on investment.
9. What are the cons of Solar Energy?: The cons of Solar Energy are high up front cost, can put buyers off, uses a lot of roof space, not all roof configurations are suitable. Cons: High up front cost, can put buyers off, uses a lot of roof space, not all roof configurations are suitable.
10. What are the pros of Wind Turbines?: The pros of Wind Turbines are clean, sustainable, cost-effective, efficient use of land, price continues to drop. Pros: Clean, sustainable, cost-effective, efficient use of land, price continues to drop.
11. What are the cons of Wind Turbines?: The cons of Wind Turbines are variable energy source (needs wind to work), turbines can be loud, construction can cause local disturbances, not the most aesthetically pleasing. Cons: Variable energy source (needs wind to work), turbines can be loud, construction can cause local disturbances, not the most aesthetically pleasing.